Data and resource availability updates and tweaks (#24)
greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript: content/10.methods.md

| Region | Training Size | Example Names |
| ------ | ------ | -------------------- |
| Celtic English | 280,644 | Julie S. Miller, Jesse A. Livezey, Jeremy C Simpson, Chris Smith, Thomas M Drudge |
| European | 188,918 | Sven Poths, Céline Feillet, Frederik Otzen Bagger, Lars I. Leichert, Sebastian MB Nijman |
| Hispanic | 66,391 | Beatriz Peñalver Bernabé, Diego Miranda-Saavedra, Marcelo Lobosco, Euler Guimarães Horta, Edgar E Vallejo-Clemente |
| East Asian | 54,197 | Jee-Hyub Kim, Yoriko Takahashi, Xiaohua Xu, Xuehai Zhang, Yoshihiro Noguchi |
| Muslim | 30,703 | Mohammad R. K. Mofrad, Fikret Ercal, Mehdi Yousfi Monod, Ghazaleh Taherzadeh, Noora Al Muftah |
| South Asian | 20,025 | Mahender Kumar Singh, Vidhu Choudhary, Suraj Pradhan, Ramakant Sharma, Vinod Menon |
| African | 16,105 | Samuel A Assefa, Nyaradzo M. Mgodi, Stanley Kimbung Mbandi, Oyebode J Oyeyemi, Ezekiel Adebiyi |
| Israeli | 4,549 | Tal Vider-Shalit, Itsik Pe'er, Michal Lavidor, Yoav Gothilf, Dvir Netanely |

Table: **Predicting nationality of names trained on Wikipedia's living people.**

> The table lists the 11 regions we grouped countries into and the number of living people for each region that the LSTM was trained on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table lists the 8 grouped regions of countries and the number of living people for each region that the LSTM was trained on.
```
